hi this is Chris Davis for / keep calm
and today we're unboxing the cyber
eSports orbiter mouse now it's a
wireless mouse there are awful lot of
them out there but what makes the long
term our special is that it's completely
round and it doesn't matter which way
you move it it has a special digital
compass inside that means it always
knows which way is up so the saying that
that makes it really useful for things
like basic browsing but also navigation
through media editing apps and that kind
of thing so let's open up and have a
look what opens up that you can see the
mouse inside let's take a look and see
what's on this side first and just have
a little thin is actually nothing in
there so everything must be on this side
so taking this plastic section out but I
look about a minute in here there's a
quick start guide minnie driver CD and
quick start guide there this is
obviously some sort of low friction ring
i'm a printed use among you as for the
mouse itself just open up there's a case
based on it
and that's a neoprene case velcro pull
it shut and the orbital mouse itself so
that comes with the charging station as
you can see the mouse just sits on two
it's got indicator lights there for
wireless link and power on the other
side the USB plug just slotted tape it
out that's pretty long and then there's
the mouse itself now this is kind of
it's got a rubbery kind of coating on it
like a skin feels quite a lot like the
silicone coating skins that you get for
smartphones like the iPhone on the other
side you can see the low friction rings
this is obviously where the other low
friction ring slots into and laser there
and as you can hit probably hear the
buttons all the way around the sides so
it doesn't matter whereabouts on the
desk is you can always click on the top
there's a button here which appears to
be some sort of navigation control and
this button here which is for power and
there's also if you can see that buttons
there as well so the whole thing is
covered basically in buttons and on the
desk as you can see it's pretty free
rotating so that's the orbiter mouse
this has been a slash gone unboxing for
it will have a full review very soon
thanks